[PR] Adds PWA customization (#3)
dwyl/flutter-phoenix-channels-demo: README.md

on how to deploy both applications
in their respective folders.

# Enhancing the `PWA`

Since we've used `Flutter`,
we can leverage its capabilities to deploy it
to iOS, Android and Web devices.

For the latter, 
when creating the **release bundle**,

> the user is *able to download a [`PWA`](https://web.dev/progressive-web-apps/)*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the person is able to download a [`PWA`](https://web.dev/progressive-web-apps/) 
(Progressive Web App).
```
